0228 add influx line protocol desc (#10041)
emqx/emqx: scripts/test/influx/README.md

# Test influxdb integration

This script starts two EMQX nodes and a influxdb server in docker container.

> The bootstramping rule engine and data bridge config is provided in influx-bridge.conf
> which got 'includ'ed in the bootstramping config bundle emqx.conf.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The bootstrapping rule engine and data bridge config is provided in influx-bridge.conf
which got included in the bootstrapping config bundle emqx.conf.
```
